Original Source of Model
	https://makerworld.com/en/models/487870-quick-disconnect-ventilation-v3-by-oiass#profileId-401179


	TheLab version of the original design went through a couple of iterations. It originally modified to support hose to hose connection. At the time it
	was thought we would use small conversion hose pieces. Thus the 4" outlet on the larger machines would have a short hose hooked to its outlet tube
	with a permanent hose clamp. The other end of that conversion hose would connect to one half of the hose-hose quick connector. The other side of the
	quick connector then would hook to the collector hose going to the large vacuum machine.

	Later it was deemed more efficient to just modify the original hose side by adjusting its tube component to wrap snugly around the machines outlet port, 
	then secure that in place with a simple screw. That then connects directly to the hose side of the quick connector.
	
	Thus the end result is the machine side for us is really the hose side within the original model and the hose side is really the machine side within the
	original model with a tube added. For us the hose side has the female flanges, the machine side had the male flanges.
	
	Our Machine side Problem:
		When originally modifying the model design to attach to the tube sticking out of the machine I modified the hose part to be used on the machine side.
		This due to inexperience using Fusion 360. It was quicker to modify the existing tube on the original hose part than to try to learn how to add a
		tube to the machine part within Fusion 360. Hindsight says that was probably a mistake, we should have just taken the time to learn how to add a
		tube to the original designs machine side connector.

	Our Hose Side:
		Our hose side adapter is the original design's machine side of the connector, the side with the female flange part. Due to lack of Fusion 360 knowledge
		this sides extension tube was designed/added via Bambu Studio. The tube sizing was done via the trial and error process.

		To print the part we exported both flange parts from within Fusion 360 as .stl files. Then within Bambu Studio:
			1. Imported both .stl files into Bambu, we will  be adding a tube to the female flange part.
 			2. Slice the male flange part containing the tube into two pieces, leaving just the tube part with no part of the flange included. We
			   have no more need for the male flange.
			3. adjust the diameter of the tube to fit within the collection hose, in our case a 4" hose.
			4. copy/move the sliced tube part over to the female flange part
			5. Adjust the tube on the female flange part to where it extends out the flat/non-flange side of the connector. You should have the female
			   flange connecting part with the tube extending out the opposite side of the connector.
			6. When printing this component, due to no one side of the component being entirely flat, one must use a rather large amount of scaffolding supports.
			   To avoid this we cut the model within Bambu Studio such that both parts would have a flat side. Then printed the two separate parts and
			   finally glued the resulting parts back together with CA glue and activator.
			   Again hindsight says we probably should have just accepted the scaffolding required, making a stronger component.


	To make the secondary connector for a hose to hose application:
		The Common models male flange part can be printed as is
		1. Within Fusion 360 export the male flange part as a .stl file
		2. Print as is from within Bambu Studio 


	To make the machine side connection
	
		The male flange component will attach to each machine's individually sized exhaust port.
		Within Fusion 360 I have modified the original models male flange component's tube part to snugly fit around the outside of the target machine's
		output tube. Seems each machine is just a tad bit different when it comes to fitting a solid tube over a solid tube.
		Hindsight again says we probably could have designed the male flange part tube to be a tapered part.
   

	There are currently 5 models:
	1. TheLab_common.fd3
		The common Fusion file used to print the following:
		
		1.  The female flange part is used to craft the component that connects to the hose going to the vacuum machine. This will hook to the machine's
			counter part as well as the hose to hose counter part.

			To print the part we export both flange parts from within Fusion 360 as .stl files. Then within Bambu Studio we will be adding a tube to
			the female flange part:
			1. Imported both .stl files into Bambu
 			2. Slice the male flange part containing the tube into two pieces, leaving just the tube part with no part of the flange included. We
			   have no more need for the male flange.
			3. adjust the diameter of the tube to fit within the collection hose, in our case a 4" hose.
			4. copy/move the sliced tube part over to the female flange part
			5. Adjust the tube on the female flange part to where it extends out the flat/non-flange side of the connector. You should have the female
			   flange connecting part with the tube extending out the opposite side of the connector.
			6. When printing this component, due to no one side of the component being entirely flat, one must use a rather large amount of scaffolding supports.
			   To avoid this we cut the model within Bambu Studio such that both parts would have a flat side. Then printed the two separate parts and
			   finally glued the resulting parts back together with CA glue and activator.
			   Again hindsight says we probably should have just accepted the scaffolding required, making a stronger component.

		2. The male flange side can be printed as is for a hose to hose connection

	Each machine has a customized size for the male flange's tube, usually the diameter. It's adjusted for a snug fit over the target machines output tube.

	2. TheLab_Jointer.fd3
		The models male flange tube size within fusion has been adjusted to fix snugly over the machines existing tube
	3. TheLab_Planer.fd3
		The models male flange tube size within fusion has been adjusted to fix snugly over the machines existing tube
	4. TheLab_Tablesaw.fd3
		The models male flange tube size within fusion has been adjusted to fix snugly over the machines existing tube
	5. TheLab_Mitre.fd3
		The models male flange tube size within fusion has been adjusted to fix snugly over the machines existing tube`
		  